programming.md, before:

# Programming And Software Development

This file contains resources to learn programming and software development. This file is divided into 2 parts - Goal-Oriented and General Purpose. 

1. Goal-Oriented resources teach you to deliver an output like making a website or an app. 
2. General Purpose resources teach you a particular language like Python or JavaScript.

A Goal-Oriented listing has higher priority so if a resource falls in both general purpose and goal-oriented, it automatically goes in goal-oriented and is not duplicated.

**Goal-Oriented**

* [Android Development](#android-development)
* [Web Development](#web-development)

**General Purpose**

* [Java](#java)
* [JavaScript](#javascript)
* [Django](#django)
* [Python](#python)
* [Ruby](#ruby)


## Android Development

### Vogella's Android Tutorials

Lars Vogel's article on Android Programming in Java are an industry standard. His website contains articles on Android Development from beginner to expert level. You can go through it in the order they are listed.

Website - https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html

[![vogella android resources screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66122279-ed768e80-e5fc-11e9-9beb-e57d51e04b33.png)](https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html)


## Web Development

### FreeCodeCamp Web Development curriculum

Learn HTML, CSS, JS and some advanced topics from the most popular online bootcamp. They also give you a free certificate for completing their training.

Website - https://learn.freecodecamp.org/

[![free-code-camp curriculum](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66046080-a3c96d80-e542-11e9-8e6a-56c6b70b24fb.png)](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/)

### Intro to HTML and CSS by Udacity

Learn HTML and CSS from a free, premium video course by Udacity. 

Website - https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001

[![html and CSS course by udacity](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66047080-c3619580-e544-11e9-8d37-d478e778ed98.png)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001)

### Interneting is Hard

HTML & CSS seems hard (But it doesn’t have to be). This is a friendly web development tutorial for complete beginners.

Website - https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/

[![html and css by interneting-is-hard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66373837-347ece00-e9c7-11e9-8293-b2d54a4dc66c.PNG)](https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/)


## Java

### Java for Complete Beginners - John Purcell on Udemy

This is the most popular free Java course on Udemy. If you are a beginner in Java, go for this. It offers a thorough introduction to every Java concept and is taught in digestible sessions.

Website - https://www.udemy.com/course/java-tutorial/

[![Java for Complete Beginners - John Purcell](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51238282/66408079-e8a24800-ea0b-11e9-916e-658dc4848039.png)](https://www.udemy.com/course/java-tutorial/)


## JavaScript

### You Don't Know JS

You Don't Know JS is a free series of books for learning JavaScript at a deep level. Pick this resource if you want a strong understanding of JavaScript.

Website - https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS

[![you don't know js github](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66125034-93c59280-e603-11e9-9821-e7e01c360072.png)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)

### JavaScript.Info

JavaScript.info is a web tutorial where you can find articles related to JavaScript from noob to advanced.

Website: https://javascript.info

[![javascript.info](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29889620/66137872-5e2ca380-e61b-11e9-9265-1841f4512527.png)](https://javascript.info)


## Django

### Django Girls Tutorials

Once you've finished the tutorial, you will have a small working web application: your own blog. They also show you how to put it online, so others can see your work!

Website - https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/

[![django-girls-tutorial](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66375082-1ebed800-e9ca-11e9-81f3-e18e84cb4600.PNG)](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/)


### Try Django 1.9 | Build a Blog and Learn Python's #1 Library

A free course on Udemy by the Coding Entrepreneurs that teaches how to build a Django Blog, learn Markdown into Django Integration and Django Rest Framework for RESTful API Design.

Website - https://www.udemy.com/course/try-django/

[![Try Django 1.9 | Build a Blog and Learn Python's #1 Library](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66418662-3163fc00-ea20-11e9-9638-1b34723c7cd7.PNG)](https://www.udemy.com/course/try-django/)


### Django Tutorial- Tutorialspoint

This tutorial is designed for developers who want to learn how to develop quality web applications using the smart techniques and tools offered by Django.

Website - https://www.tutorialspoint.com/django/

[![Django Tutorial- Tutorialspoint](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66418912-ba7b3300-ea20-11e9-8fc5-1ef985373d45.PNG)](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/django/)


### Django Tutorials - thenewboston

Official tutorials for thenewboston Django Tutorials for Beginners series

Website - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBlmzzFcLgDhKTTfNLfX1IK

[![thenewboston-django-tutorials](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66419039-f6ae9380-ea20-11e9-81c9-5b720b653805.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBlmzzFcLgDhKTTfNLfX1IK)


### Django Tutorials - Pretty Printed

Learn Django in these videos by following along as the instructor show you how to build a simple hello world app and then a guestbook app that uses the templates, models, and form functionality with Django. 

Website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVX-etwgvJ8&list=PLXmMXHVSvS-DQfOsQdXkzEZyD0Vei7PKf

[![Pretty-Printed-django-tutorials](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66419024-f0201c00-ea20-11e9-9aef-0e7c8fc55820.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVX-etwgvJ8&list=PLXmMXHVSvS-DQfOsQdXkzEZyD0Vei7PKf)


## Python

### Python for Beginners by Mosh Hamedani 

This is easy to grasp highly rated Python tutorial on Youtube. All concepts are explained in crystal clear manner suitable for beginners. In later half, it also dives into 3 practical projects which helps in assimilating all the learning throughout.

Website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc

[![Python for Beginners by Mosh Hamedani](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51238282/66454748-5e4afa00-ea86-11e9-92d6-feca19008f52.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc)

## Ruby

### Ruby in 20 minutes
Ruby in 20 minutes is a small tutorial that teaches the basics of Ruby programming language. This tutorial is created by the official development team of Ruby. It is well-suited for beginners to start with Ruby. By the end of this tutorial, you will be able to create a fully functional web application. This tutorial is completely free and open-source.
Some of the key topics included in this tutorial are as follows:
    1. Introduction
    2. Functions
    3. Classes and objects
    4. Variables
    
Website - https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/quickstart/

[![Ruby in 20 minutes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42384542/69919084-2b7a1c80-149f-11ea-9d2a-e29af91feb71.png)](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/quickstart/)

Commit message:

added a new Java Course (CodeGym) in programming.md

programming.md, after:

# Programming And Software Development

This file contains resources to learn programming and software development. This file is divided into 2 parts - Goal-Oriented and General Purpose. 

1. Goal-Oriented resources teach you to deliver an output like making a website or an app. 
2. General Purpose resources teach you a particular language like Python or JavaScript.

A Goal-Oriented listing has higher priority so if a resource falls in both general purpose and goal-oriented, it automatically goes in goal-oriented and is not duplicated.

**Goal-Oriented**

* [Android Development](#android-development)
* [Web Development](#web-development)

**General Purpose**

* [Java](#java)
* [JavaScript](#javascript)
* [Django](#django)
* [Python](#python)
* [Ruby](#ruby)


## Android Development

### Vogella's Android Tutorials

Lars Vogel's article on Android Programming in Java are an industry standard. His website contains articles on Android Development from beginner to expert level. You can go through it in the order they are listed.

Website - https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html

[![vogella android resources screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66122279-ed768e80-e5fc-11e9-9beb-e57d51e04b33.png)](https://www.vogella.com/tutorials/android.html)


## Web Development

### FreeCodeCamp Web Development curriculum

Learn HTML, CSS, JS and some advanced topics from the most popular online bootcamp. They also give you a free certificate for completing their training.

Website - https://learn.freecodecamp.org/

[![free-code-camp curriculum](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66046080-a3c96d80-e542-11e9-8e6a-56c6b70b24fb.png)](https://learn.freecodecamp.org/)

### Intro to HTML and CSS by Udacity

Learn HTML and CSS from a free, premium video course by Udacity. 

Website - https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001

[![html and CSS course by udacity](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66047080-c3619580-e544-11e9-8d37-d478e778ed98.png)](https://www.udacity.com/course/intro-to-html-and-css--ud001)

### Interneting is Hard

HTML & CSS seems hard (But it doesn’t have to be). This is a friendly web development tutorial for complete beginners.

Website - https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/

[![html and css by interneting-is-hard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66373837-347ece00-e9c7-11e9-8293-b2d54a4dc66c.PNG)](https://internetingishard.com/html-and-css/)


## Java

### Java for Complete Beginners - John Purcell on Udemy

This is the most popular free Java course on Udemy. If you are a beginner in Java, go for this. It offers a thorough introduction to every Java concept and is taught in digestible sessions.

Website - https://www.udemy.com/course/java-tutorial/

[![Java for Complete Beginners - John Purcell](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51238282/66408079-e8a24800-ea0b-11e9-916e-658dc4848039.png)](https://www.udemy.com/course/java-tutorial/)

### CodeGym

CodeGym is an online Java programming course consisting of 80% practice.With many hands on pratice section it is totally self-paced course.If you want to try an interactive and fun tutorial to learn Java then go for this.

Website - https://codegym.cc/

[![codegym](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43781668/70111915-c2023580-1679-11ea-8d93-6a58a314d3c3.jpg)](https://codegym.cc/)

## JavaScript

### You Don't Know JS

You Don't Know JS is a free series of books for learning JavaScript at a deep level. Pick this resource if you want a strong understanding of JavaScript.

Website - https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS

[![you don't know js github](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4047597/66125034-93c59280-e603-11e9-9821-e7e01c360072.png)](https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS)

### JavaScript.Info

JavaScript.info is a web tutorial where you can find articles related to JavaScript from noob to advanced.

Website: https://javascript.info

[![javascript.info](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/29889620/66137872-5e2ca380-e61b-11e9-9265-1841f4512527.png)](https://javascript.info)


## Django

### Django Girls Tutorials

Once you've finished the tutorial, you will have a small working web application: your own blog. They also show you how to put it online, so others can see your work!

Website - https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/

[![django-girls-tutorial](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66375082-1ebed800-e9ca-11e9-81f3-e18e84cb4600.PNG)](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/)


### Try Django 1.9 | Build a Blog and Learn Python's #1 Library

A free course on Udemy by the Coding Entrepreneurs that teaches how to build a Django Blog, learn Markdown into Django Integration and Django Rest Framework for RESTful API Design.

Website - https://www.udemy.com/course/try-django/

[![Try Django 1.9 | Build a Blog and Learn Python's #1 Library](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66418662-3163fc00-ea20-11e9-9638-1b34723c7cd7.PNG)](https://www.udemy.com/course/try-django/)


### Django Tutorial- Tutorialspoint

This tutorial is designed for developers who want to learn how to develop quality web applications using the smart techniques and tools offered by Django.

Website - https://www.tutorialspoint.com/django/

[![Django Tutorial- Tutorialspoint](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66418912-ba7b3300-ea20-11e9-8fc5-1ef985373d45.PNG)](https://www.tutorialspoint.com/django/)


### Django Tutorials - thenewboston

Official tutorials for thenewboston Django Tutorials for Beginners series

Website - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBlmzzFcLgDhKTTfNLfX1IK

[![thenewboston-django-tutorials](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66419039-f6ae9380-ea20-11e9-81c9-5b720b653805.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL6gx4Cwl9DGBlmzzFcLgDhKTTfNLfX1IK)


### Django Tutorials - Pretty Printed

Learn Django in these videos by following along as the instructor show you how to build a simple hello world app and then a guestbook app that uses the templates, models, and form functionality with Django. 

Website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVX-etwgvJ8&list=PLXmMXHVSvS-DQfOsQdXkzEZyD0Vei7PKf

[![Pretty-Printed-django-tutorials](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42115530/66419024-f0201c00-ea20-11e9-9aef-0e7c8fc55820.PNG)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QVX-etwgvJ8&list=PLXmMXHVSvS-DQfOsQdXkzEZyD0Vei7PKf)


## Python

### Python for Beginners by Mosh Hamedani 

This is easy to grasp highly rated Python tutorial on Youtube. All concepts are explained in crystal clear manner suitable for beginners. In later half, it also dives into 3 practical projects which helps in assimilating all the learning throughout.

Website - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc

[![Python for Beginners by Mosh Hamedani](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/51238282/66454748-5e4afa00-ea86-11e9-92d6-feca19008f52.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_uQrJ0TkZlc)

## Ruby

### Ruby in 20 minutes
Ruby in 20 minutes is a small tutorial that teaches the basics of Ruby programming language. This tutorial is created by the official development team of Ruby. It is well-suited for beginners to start with Ruby. By the end of this tutorial, you will be able to create a fully functional web application. This tutorial is completely free and open-source.
Some of the key topics included in this tutorial are as follows:
    1. Introduction
    2. Functions
    3. Classes and objects
    4. Variables
    
Website - https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/quickstart/

[![Ruby in 20 minutes](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42384542/69919084-2b7a1c80-149f-11ea-9d2a-e29af91feb71.png)](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/quickstart/)
